README.md, before:

# THIS IS A GLOBAL CAPSLOCK KEY

<img width="394" alt="Screenshot 2025-02-04 at 6 11 53 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6179f4dc-0f9a-42ec-b8a7-5505127a0fe8" />

## [CURRENT GLOBAL CAPSLOCK STATUS AVAILABLE HERE](https://globalcapslock.com)
(THATS https://globalcapslock.com)

## WAIT WHAT

BY USING THIS CLIENT YOU CAN SYNCHRONIZE YOUR CAPS LOCK STATE WITH EVERYONE ELSE USING THIS CLIENT

WHENEVER I PRESS CAPSLOCK IT IS PRESSED FOR YOU AND VICE-VERSA

NO MORE DISAGREEING ABOUT WHEN TO USE CAPS LOCK

NOW WE CAN ALL SHARE A SINGLE KEY!

## QUESTIONS

### WHY DO THIS
I WANTED US TO ALL AGREE ABOUT CAPS LOCK USAGE

### WILL THIS BREAK MY COMPUTER
IDK JUST MAKE SURE YOU KNOW HOW TO STOP A PROCESS BEFORE RUNNING IT

### HOW WELL TESTED IS THIS
NO TESTS I WROTE MOST OF IT OVER THE WEEKEND BUT I TESTED IT ON EACH PLATFORM ONE TO THREE TIMES

### WHAT PLATFORMS ARE SUPPORTED
MAC, WINDOWS, AND LINUX. BUT LINUX REQUIRES THAT YOU INSTALL `xdotool` SO MAKE SURE TO DO THAT

### HOW TO INSTALL??

DOWNLOAD CODE. THEN INSTALL `xdotool` IF ON LINUX. THEN

EITHER:
* USE [UV](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) WHICH MIGHT HANDLE EVERYTHING FOR YOU
* `uv client.py` OR SOMETHING IDK IF YOU USE UV YOU KNOW THIS

OR

* CREATE VIRTUAL ENVIRONMENT
* ACTIVATE VIRTUAL ENVIRONMENT
* `pip install -r requirements.txt`
* `python client.py`

### DOESNT WORK BECAUSE I'M RUNNING WAYLAND
PLEASE SUBMIT A PULL REQUEST I DON'T HAVE A GOOD MACHINE TO TEST ON

### SHOULD I DO THIS

IF YOU ARE ASKING THAT QUESTION THEN PROBABLY NOT

Commit message:

rewrote readme while using the thing
best advertisement ever

README.md, after:

# THIS IS A GLOBAL CAPSLOCK KEY

<img width="394" alt="Screenshot 2025-02-04 at 6 11 53 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6179f4dc-0f9a-42ec-b8a7-5505127a0fe8" />

## [CURRENT GLOBAL CAPSLOck status available here](https://globalcapslock.com)
(thATS HTTPS://GLOBALCAPSLOCK.COM)

## WAIT what

by using this client YOU CAN SYNCHRONIZE YOUR CAPS LOCK STAte with everyone elsE USING THIS CLIENT

WHENEVER I PRESS CAPSLOck it is pressed for you and VICE-VERSA

NO MORE DISAGREEING ABOUT WHEN TO USE CAPS LOCK

NOw we can all share a siNGLE KEY!

## QUESTIONS

### WHY DO THIS
I WANTED us to all agree about caps lock usage

### will this break MY COMPUTER
IDK JUST MAKE SURE YOU KNOW how to stop a procesS BEFORE RUNNING IT

### HOW WELL TESTED IS THIS
NO TESTS i wrote most of it over thE WEEKEND BUT I TESTED IT ON EACH PLATFORM ONE TO THREE TIMES

### WHAT PLATFORMS ARE SUPPORTED
mAC, wINDOWS, AND lINUX. BUt Linux requires that you insTALL `xdotool` SO MAKE SURE TO DO THAT

### HOW TO INSTALL??

DOWNLOAD CODE. THEN INSTALL `xdotool` IF ON lINUX. THen

either:
* use [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) which might handle everything for you
* `uv client.py` oR SOMETHING IDK IF YOU USE UV YOU KNOW THIS

OR

* CREATE VIRTUAL ENVIRONMENT
* ACTIVATE VIRTUAL ENVIronment
* `pip install -r requirements.txt`
* `python client.py`

### doeSNT WORK BECAUSE I'M RUNNING WAYLAND
PLEASE SUBMIT A PULL REQUEST i don't have a gooD MACHINE TO TEST ON

### SHOULD I DO THIS

IF YOU ARE ASking that question then probably not
